README.md, before:

# Spatial Data Package Export
![](https://github.com/cividi/spatial-data-package-export/workflows/Tests/badge.svg)
![](https://github.com/cividi/spatial-data-package-export/workflows/Release/badge.svg)

QGIS plugin to export data and styles to [Gemeindescan](https://gemeindescan.ch/de/).

This tool exports Gemeindescan data package. Data package specification is based on the [Frictionless Data toolkit](https://frictionlessdata.io/).
Main development by [Gispo Ltd](https://www.gispo.fi/en/home/).


### Installation instructions

The plugin can be installed by downloading a release from this 
repository or a stable release from the QGIS Plugin Repository:

1. Download the latest release zip from GitHub releases (above).

🚨 Make sure to grab the first asset (zip of compiled version) and not the source code zip

2. Launch QGIS and the plugins menu by selecting Plugins - Manage and Install Plugins from the top menu.

3. Select the Install from ZIP tab, browse to the zip file you just downloaded, and click Install Plugin!


### Supported QGIS Symbol Types and Symbol Layer Types

**Geometry Types**
- Point / MultiPoint
- Linestring / MultiLinestring
- Polygon / MultiPolygon

**Symbol Types**
- Single Symbol
- Categorized Symbol
- Graduated Symbol

**Symbol Layer Types**
- Simple Fill (Polygon)
- Centroid Fill Circle (Polygon, Point)
- Outline: Simple Line (Polygon)
- Simple Line (Linestring)

**Styling Properties**
- Size (only circle and line layers)
- Fill color (color and opacity, only fill layers)
- Stroke color (color and opacity)
- Stroke width

### Development

Refer to [development](docs/development.md) to instructions for developing the plugin.

## License
This plugin is licenced with 
[GNU Genereal Public License, version 3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html). 
See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

Commit message:

adds minimum requirements to readme

README.md, after:

# Spatial Data Package Export
![](https://github.com/cividi/spatial-data-package-export/workflows/Tests/badge.svg)
![](https://github.com/cividi/spatial-data-package-export/workflows/Release/badge.svg)

QGIS plugin to export data and styles to Spatial Data Packages that can be uploaded on the [Spatial Data Package Platform](https://github.com/cividi/spatial-data-package-platform), e.g. [gemeindescan.ch](https://gemeindescan.ch).

This tool exports spatial data packages. The data package specification is based on the [Frictionless Data toolkit](https://frictionlessdata.io/).
Main development by [Gispo Ltd](https://www.gispo.fi/en/home/).

### Minimum Requirements

| | |
|-|-|
| [QGIS](https://qgis.org/) | 3.10 |
| [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/) | 3.6 |
| [Platform](https://github.com/cividi/spatial-data-package-platform/releases) | 0.2 |


### Installation instructions

The plugin can be installed by downloading a release from this 
repository or a stable release from the QGIS Plugin Repository:

1. Download the latest release zip from GitHub releases (above).

🚨 Make sure to grab the first asset (zip of compiled version) and not the source code zip

2. Launch QGIS and the plugins menu by selecting Plugins - Manage and Install Plugins from the top menu.

3. Select the Install from ZIP tab, browse to the zip file you just downloaded, and click Install Plugin!


### Supported QGIS Symbol Types and Symbol Layer Types

**Geometry Types**
- Point / MultiPoint
- Linestring / MultiLinestring
- Polygon / MultiPolygon

**Symbol Types**
- Single Symbol
- Categorized Symbol
- Graduated Symbol

**Symbol Layer Types**
- Simple Fill (Polygon)
- Centroid Fill Circle (Polygon, Point)
- Outline: Simple Line (Polygon)
- Simple Line (Linestring)

**Styling Properties**
- Size (only circle and line layers)
- Fill color (color and opacity, only fill layers)
- Stroke color (color and opacity)
- Stroke width

### Development

Refer to [development](docs/development.md) to instructions for developing the plugin.

## License
This plugin is licenced with 
[GNU Genereal Public License, version 3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html). 
See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.
